hey girls so today I'm gonna be
reviewing the dolce gabbana light blue
perfume this perfume is the most popular
perfume in the world it has sold more
than any other perfume out there it is a
very fresh citrusy kind of scent it
actually reminds me of the air
fresheners they have in China which is
really weird but they have these air
fresheners that are like that come in
these little plastic boxes and they're
little beads and they smell really good
and this is what it smells like feels
like that good notes the top notes are
Sicilian citron granny stick
bluebells the heart Jasmine they have
new white rose the BOD of the cedar wood
musk in amber and the family is called
the floral fruity family this perfume is
it smells like it doesn't really smell
like a girly girl perfumes it that way
it smells very clean like clean lemon
smells it smells like lemon it smells
like that air freshener it smells like
something that you could spray like on
your bed sheets or towels or something
like that
um I would definitely recommend it as
just an everyday scent I wouldn't
recommend it as a going out night scent
just because it's so ubiquitous
in that you know you don't want to smell
like your boyfriend's ex-girlfriend if
she wore it which she most likely did
because it's so popular what I like to
do with it is I like to actually ice I
would perfume before I go to bed I just
love you know smelling good and waking
up smelling good and having my sheets
smell good so what I do is after you had
a shower at night I'll just spray it all
over go to bed and I'll wake up and I'll
still have that kind of smell of light
blue but it won't be very strong and
then I'll add some perfume to it so I
think it'd be a great layering piece
because it would add some of that
freshness to a scent but I don't think
I'd wear it by itself just because
so common the bottle is really pretty
it's like you know it's like across the
glass and it the cat comes off I got
this for $35 off eBay at 3.3 outs
because it is a tester as you can see
that the notes back here but you can get
it at Sephora for I think $80
80 some dollars is the 3.3 ounce it
definitely check on eBay so I think this
perfume overall is a staple every girl
needs to have because it's just one of
those scents that it will be a classic
you know in 50 years this will still be
sold at Sephora and they'll be a classic
that you know the Generation Y used to
wear but I wouldn't make it my signature
scent nor would I wear for really
special occasions I would definitely
wear it you know daily with something
layered to it layered to it cuz I just
felt really clean and clean so it
doesn't last very long on you that's the
thing I don't like about it it on it
doesn't last very long so I'll have to
spray it everywhere because this is an
easy toilet so I don't think they're
gonna come on the easy part food because
it's not supposed to be that strong but
you know I'll definitely check it out
thanks for watching guys and please
subscribe to enter my perfume you like
thanks bye